docs: revise install instructions, provide CLI process (#4503)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.4/install.md

## Set up InfluxDB

The initial setup process for an InfluxDB instance creates the following:
- An organization with the name you provide.
- A primary bucket with the name you provide.

> - An admin [authorization]() with the following properties:

Author: ```suggestion
- An admin [authorization](/influxdb/v2.4/security/tokens/) with the following properties:
```

  - The username and password that you provide.
  - An API token (_[operator token](/influxdb/v2.4/security/tokens/#operator-token)_).
  - Read-write permissions for all resources in the InfluxDB instance.

To run an interactive setup that prompts you for the required information,
use the InfluxDB user interface (UI) or the `influx` command line interface (CLI).

To automate the setup--for example, with a script that you write--

> then use the `influx` command line interface (CLI) or the InfluxDB `/api/v2` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use the `influx` command line interface (CLI) or the InfluxDB `/api/v2` API.
```

{{% tab-content %}}
### Set up InfluxDB through the influx CLI

> The following steps describe how to use the `influx setup` CLI command in interactive or non-interactive (_headless_) mode to initialize
> your InfluxDB instance.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
Use the `influx setup` CLI command in interactive or non-interactive (_headless_) mode to initialize
your InfluxDB instance.

Do one of the following:
```

- [Run `influx setup` without user interaction](#run-influx-setup-without-user-interaction)
- [Run `influx setup` with user prompts]()

#### Run `influx setup` without user interaction

To run the InfluxDB setup process with your automation scripts, pass [flags](/influxdb/v2.4/reference/cli/influx/setup/#flags)
with the required information to the `influx setup` command.
Pass the `-f, --force` flag to bypass screen prompts.

The following example command shows how to set up InfluxDB in non-interactive
mode with an initial admin user,
_[operator token](/influxdb/v2.4/security/tokens/#operator-token)_,
and bucket:

```sh
influx setup -u USERNAME -p PASSWORD -t TOKEN -o ORGANIZATION_NAME -b BUCKET_NAME -f
```

The output is the following:

```sh
User        Organization         Bucket
USERNAME    ORGANIZATION_NAME    BUCKET_NAME
```

If you run `influx setup` without the `-t, --token` flag, then InfluxDB
automatically generates an API token for the initial authorization--for example,
the following setup command creates the initial authorization with an
auto-generated API token:

```sh
influx setup -u USERNAME -p PASSWORD -o ORGANIZATION_NAME -b BUCKET_NAME -f
```

> Once setup completes, InfluxDB is initialized with the [authorization](/influxdb/v2.4/security/tokens/),[user](/influxdb/v2.4/reference/glossary/#user), [organization](/influxdb/v2.4/reference/glossary/#organization), and [bucket](/influxdb/v2.4/reference/glossary/#bucket).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once setup completes, InfluxDB is initialized with the [authorization](/influxdb/v2.4/security/tokens/), [user](/influxdb/v2.4/reference/glossary/#user), [organization](/influxdb/v2.4/reference/glossary/#organization), and [bucket](/influxdb/v2.4/reference/glossary/#bucket).
```

{{% tab-content %}}
### Set up InfluxDB through the influx CLI

Use the `influx setup` CLI command in interactive or non-interactive (_headless_) mode to initialize
your InfluxDB instance.

Do one of the following:

> - [Run `influx setup` without user interaction](#run-influx-setup-without-user-interaction)

Author: ```suggestion

- [Run `influx setup` without user interaction](#run-influx-setup-without-user-interaction)
```

   Enter nothing for an infinite retention period.
7. Confirm the details for your primary user, organization, and bucket.

Once setup completes, InfluxDB is initialized with the user, organization, bucket,
and _[operator token](/influxdb/v2.4/security/tokens/#operator-token)_.

InfluxDB creates a `default` configuration profile for you that provides your
InfluxDB URL, organization, and API token to `influx` CLI commands.
For more detail about configuration profiles, see [`influx config`](/influxdb/v2.4/reference/cli/influx/config/).

Once you have the `default` configuration profile, you're ready to [create All-Access tokens](#create-all-access-tokens)
or get started [collecting and writing data](/influxdb/v2.4/write-data).

{{% /tab-content %}}
<!------------------------------- END CLI Setup -------------------------------->
{{< /tabs-wrapper >}}

### Create All-Access tokens

> Because [operator tokens](/influxdb/v2.4/security/tokens/#operator-token)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because [Operator tokens](/influxdb/v2.4/security/tokens/#operator-token)
```

Author: > 

Why do we capitalize "All-Access token" and "Operator token", but not the names of other features?
